HZN-1425: Generate events for every threshold violation (#2248)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/thresholds/threshd.adoc

// Allow GitHub image rendering
:imagesdir: ../../../images

=== Threshold Service Daemon

> Threshd, the Threshold Service Daemon, has the very complex task of keep state of performance of your corporate Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Threshd, the Threshold Service Daemon, has the very complex task of tracking performance of your corporate Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).
```
